[Music]
what's the smartest bird on earth which
creature has an ear between its legs and
how do bears go to the bathroom while
hibernating I'm guessing very quietly
here are the most random yet fascinating
facts for all the animal lovers out
there the most dangerous bird in the
world is the cassowary it can't fly but
it can easily outrun you on its two
powerful legs its claws look more like
daggers and all it takes is one lethal
strike from this real-life Angry Bird
another member of the flightless bird
family Kiwis might look like they don't
have wings but they actually have tiny
ones under all those fluffy feathers the
only truelist wingless bird was the long
extinct MOA the alligator snapping
turtle catches its prey by going fishing
its tongue looks like a worm and the
turtle waits with his mouth wide open at
the bottom of a stream lake or pond
until some unsuspecting fish takes the
bait then snap the jaws come together
faster than the blink of an eye and
dinner is served
another Visser from the animal kingdom
is the striated Heron it throws a leaf
or stick and the water is baked the bird
watches the leaf and wait until some
small fish will come to the surface to
check out the strange floating object
and then well you know the rest
noble jellyfish don't have blood or a
heart to pump it they don't have a brain
just nerves and they don't need lungs
either their body walls are thin enough
for oxygen to pass right through the
skin meaning the jellyfish breathe with
its body
a hippo skin gives off a red oil that
protects the animal from sunburn yes you
could say hippos use sunblock only there
on natural SPF doubles as an antibiotic
cream too now moose have such sensitive
antlers that they can feel a fly landing
on them there are real flying dragons in
the rainforests of Southeast Asia but if
you're expecting a massive
fire-breathing reptile soaring over the
poor townspeople tough
it's a tiny little lizard about the size
of your hand and it doesn't really fly
it glides over a short distance or
falling with style you might know of
poisonous plants and venomous reptiles
and arachnids but there are poisonous
birds too
the toxins in their bodies feathers and
skin make it dangerous for predators to
eat them starfish can cover their prey
with their stomachs and eat it outside
the body then they simply bring their
stomachs back inside well that's handy
their relatives sea cucumbers can do the
same party trip except they leave part
of their guts behind to scare their
attacker it's okay the missing parts
quickly grow back crows and ravens are
the smartest and sneakiest birds on
earth a raven will follow one another
long enough to find out where the other
guy is hiding his food then the sneaky
stalker takes it for himself but the
brainiest of them all is the New
Caledonian crow it makes complex tools
like hooks and spears to get insects out
from their hidey holes and trees and
branches a koalas fingerprints are
almost identical to human watts dolphins
have highly developed communication they
call each other by name
that is each dolphin response to a
specific sound mostly they say stop
calling me flipper a bird's feathers
weigh more than its skeleton so they're
the most fearless beast on earth that
really doesn't care is the honey badger
they have virtually no enemies because
they're not afraid of any wool one honey
badger can take out a whole pack of
lions and come out unscathed these
hardcore honey lovers are also resistant
to snake venom so yeah there's that
their cousin the European badger builds
extensive underground burrows called
sets they have tunnels and room like
offshoots for everybody foxes and
rabbits are welcome to share the home as
long as they abide by these strict
hygiene rules the praying mantis has an
ear between its legs the insect uses it
as a sauna kind of like bats
sea turtles are constantly crying
they're not sad or anything
the weeping is only because they excrete
excess salts from the body through tears
the black Swift is a mysterious bird
that lives eats and even sleeps in the
sky they don't land for months at a time
which is why so little is known about
them the distance they fly over a
lifespan is like going to the moon 14
times fish can fly too thanks to their
wing-like fins flying fish can sort a
distance of about 600 feet almost as
long as two football fields they need
flight to escape from predators now when
a bear hibernates its pulse and
metabolism slowed down metabolism is
when your body breaks down food into the
basic elements it needs protein calcium
and whatnot but during hibernation all
the Bears eaten food from its stomach
accumulates in the intestines like a
quart the animal doesn't go to the
bathroom this entire time for all of
winter it goes to the toilet as soon as
it wakes up how bad loud noises might
not wake a bear from its torpor that's
the deep sleep during hibernation but
that doesn't mean you should go near one
they can still sense danger during this
time and yes they can wake up instantly
to deal with it the hike agonic crap
lives off the coast of Japan and has a
distinct pattern on its shell that looks
like a human face more specifically the
face of an angry samurai hence the
nickname the samurai crab the fastest
bird is the peregrine falcon it can
reach speeds of 200 miles an hour during
dive flights as faster than an arrow
flies from a bull polar bears
touch each other's nose to say hello and
to share food well at least they ask
when you hear birds singing it doesn't
necessarily mean they're full of joy or
having a great day birds use singing to
mark territory and attract mates well
it's one thing we have in common not the
main thing No
I'm always singing at my neighbours to
get off my lawn when some foreign object
gets into an oyster shell be it a grain
of sand a parasite or garbage the thing
irritates the mullets inner walls since
the animal can't spit the item out it
envelops it in thin layers that's
separate from the body
these pearlescent layers accumulate
until they form a round pearl in the
past people believed that pearls were
the tears of mermaids now we know
they're just some decorated debris owls
are considered one of the most dangerous
predatory Birds because of their unique
feathers this wide-eyed fowl can fly
practically silently oh yeah and about
those eyes owls can't move them that's
why they must turn their head in an
almost complete circle to look around
people used to bring Canaries to mines
to alert up danger these birds are very
sensitive to toxic gases and the
slightest change in the air if the
canary started chirping the miners knew
they had to get out of there flamingos
stand on one leg to keep warm
they warm each leg one at a time under
their feathers all over the globe
monuments have been dedicated to
sparrows to show thanks to the birds for
keeping insect pests away when hunting
tigers and lions let out a deafening
roar that literally stuns their prey to
the point that it can't move the first
bird to be domesticated by humans is the
goose and finally this the weight
beavers build their Dam is one of
nature's greatest secrets a hundred or
so beavers construct a mile-long dam in
a coordinated manner as if they're
adhering to a strictly designated plant
nobody knows how they build the damn
thing hey if you learn something new
today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
remember stay on the bright side of life